                    Module (Bootstrap Basic & Advanced) – 6

1) What are the advantages of Bootstrap? 
    Ans. Easy to prevent repetitions among multiple projects. Responsive design that can be used to adapt screen sizes and choose what shows and what doesn't on any given device. Maintaining consistency among projects when using multiple developer teams. Quick design of prototypes.

2) What is a Bootstrap Container, and how does it work?
    Ans. Containers are the most basic layout element in Bootstrap and are required when using our default grid system.

3) What are the default Bootstrap text settings?
    Ans. Bootstrap 4 uses a default font-size of 16px, and its line-height is 1.5. The default font-family is "Helvetica Neue", Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif. In addition, all <p> elements have margin-top: 0 and margin-bottom: 1rem (16px by default).

4) What do you know about the Bootstrap Grid System?
    Ans. Bootstrap's grid system uses a series of containers, rows, and columns to layout and align content. It's built with flexbox and is fully responsive. Below is an example and an in-depth look at how the grid comes together.

5) What is the difference between Bootstrap 4 and Bootstrap 5
    Ans. Bootstrap 5 vs. Bootstrap 4
    The above section talked about the features of both Bootstrap 4 and Bootstrap 5. This section talks about the upgrades that Bootstrap 5 provides over Bootstrap 4.
    Enhanced Grid System
    The grid system is retained in Bootstrap 5. However, an extra grid tier xxl has been introduced to minimize the effort in making the pages responsive on higher resolution displays.
    Columns don't have a default relative position in Bootstrap 5.
    Classes have been added to address vertical spacing.
    Enhanced Form Elements
    The form elements in Bootstrap 4 have defaulted to the browser-provided view. However, in Bootstrap 5, the form elements have a custom design that enables them to have a consistent look and feel in all browsers.
    The new form controls are based on completely semantic, standard form controls. This helps developers to avoid adding extra markups for form controls.
    Utilities API
    Unlike Bootstrap 4, Bootstrap 5 enables the developers to modify and create their own utilities.
    You can simply use sass to create your own utilities.

6) What is a Button Group, and what is the class for a basic Button Group?
    Ans. “Button Groups” in Bootstrap is a class of name “btn-group” which is used to create series of buttons in groups (without spaces) vertically or horizontally. This is the basic syntax of the button group class where each button has its own class of “btn”.

7) How can you use Bootstrap to make thumbnails?
    Ans. To create thumbnails using Bootstrap −. Add an <a> tag with the class of .thumbnail around an image. This adds four pixels of padding and a gray border.

8)  In Bootstrap 4, what is flexbox?
    Ans. Bootstrap 4 now uses flexbox, instead of floats, to handle the layout. 

9) How can one create an alert in Bootstrap?
    Ans. Alerts are created with the .alert class,

10) What is a bootstrap card and how would you create one?
    Ans. A card is a flexible and extensible content container. It includes options for headers and footers, a wide variety of content, contextual background colors, and powerful display options.


